DX-514 Added onBillingDetailsAvailable under Checkin in Checkout section (#120)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: checkout/checkin.md

As you can see, the payer's information is pre-filled as provided by the

> initial `POST`. When the payer completes the checkin, the events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initial `POST`. During and on completion of Checkin, the events
```

> `onConsumerIdentified`, `onShippingDetailsAvailable` and `onBillingDetailsAvailable` will be raised with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onConsumerIdentified`, `onShippingDetailsAvailable` and `onBillingDetailsAvailable` may be raised with
```

}
```

{:.code-header}
**Billing Details Available Event Argument Object**

```js
{
    "actionType": "OnBillingDetailsAvailable",

>     "url": "https://api.externalintegration.payex.com/psp/consumers/<consumerProfileRef>/billing-details"

Reviewer: Do we have examples of what a `GET` request towards `https://api.externalintegration.payex.com/psp/consumers/<consumerProfileRef>/billing-details` returns that we can show?

Author: Got this from Syver (check last commit). Is this something in the area of what you had in mind?

Reviewer: Perfect! Similar examples for all other URLs provided in events would be great, but can be fixed as a part of DX-472 in a separate branch.

Author: Great! Let's wrap this one up :)

}
```

{:.code-header}
**Billing Details Available Event Argument Object**

```js
{
    "actionType": "OnBillingDetailsAvailable",
    "url": "https://api.externalintegration.payex.com/psp/consumers/<consumerProfileRef>/billing-details"
}
```

> Here is an example of what a GET request might return:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of what a `GET` request towards the `url` provided in the event might return:
```
